1353608418
AddAttachmentPhotoToProducts	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121118162011_add_attachment_photo_to_products.rb	class AddAttachmentPhotoToProducts 
AddOrderIdToLineItem	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121120073026_add_order_id_to_line_item.rb	class AddOrderIdToLineItem 
AdminUser	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/admin_user.rb	class AdminUser 
AdminUserTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/admin_user_test.rb	class AdminUserTest 
Application	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Cart	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/cart.rb	class Cart 
CartTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/cart_test.rb	class CartTest 
CartsController	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	class CartsController 
CartsControllerTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/functional/carts_controller_test.rb	class CartsControllerTest 
CartsHelper	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/helpers/carts_helper.rb	module CartsHelper
CartsHelperTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/helpers/carts_helper_test.rb	class CartsHelperTest 
CreateAdminNotes	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061928_create_admin_notes.rb	class CreateAdminNotes 
CreateCarts	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121118070635_create_carts.rb	class CreateCarts 
CreateLineItems	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121118071237_create_line_items.rb	class CreateLineItems 
CreateOrderTransactions	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121121070124_create_order_transactions.rb	class CreateOrderTransactions 
CreateOrders	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121120072935_create_orders.rb	class CreateOrders 
CreateProducts	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121117063953_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
DeviseCreateAdminUsers	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061923_devise_create_admin_users.rb	class DeviseCreateAdminUsers 
LineItem	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/line_item.rb	class LineItem 
LineItemTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/line_item_test.rb	class LineItemTest 
LineItemsController	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	class LineItemsController 
LineItemsControllerTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/functional/line_items_controller_test.rb	class LineItemsControllerTest 
LineItemsHelper	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/helpers/line_items_helper.rb	module LineItemsHelper
LineItemsHelperTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/helpers/line_items_helper_test.rb	class LineItemsHelperTest 
MoveAdminNotesToComments	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061929_move_admin_notes_to_comments.rb	class MoveAdminNotesToComments 
Order	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	class Order 
OrderTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/order_test.rb	class OrderTest 
OrderTransaction	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order_transaction.rb	class OrderTransaction 
OrderTransactionTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/order_transaction_test.rb	class OrderTransactionTest 
OrdersController	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	class OrdersController 
OrdersControllerTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/functional/orders_controller_test.rb	class OrdersControllerTest 
OrdersHelper	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/helpers/orders_helper.rb	module OrdersHelper
OrdersHelperTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/helpers/orders_helper_test.rb	class OrdersHelperTest 
PAYMENT_TYPES	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	  PAYMENT_TYPES =
Product	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/product_test.rb	class ProductTest 
ProductsController	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
ProductsControllerTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/functional/products_controller_test.rb	class ProductsControllerTest 
ProductsHelper	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	module ProductsHelper
ProductsHelperTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/helpers/products_helper_test.rb	class ProductsHelperTest 
Provence	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/config/application.rb	module Provence
StoreController	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	class StoreController 
StoreControllerTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/functional/store_controller_test.rb	class StoreControllerTest 
StoreHelper	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/helpers/store_helper.rb	module StoreHelper
StoreHelperTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/helpers/store_helper_test.rb	class StoreHelperTest 
TestCase	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
TransactionControllerTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/functional/transaction_controller_test.rb	class TransactionControllerTest 
TransactionHelperTest	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/unit/helpers/transaction_helper_test.rb	class TransactionHelperTest 
add_line_items_from_cart	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	  def add_line_items_from_cart(cart) 
add_product	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/cart.rb	  def add_product(product_id)
card_number	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	  attr_accessor :card_number, :card_verification
card_verification	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	  attr_accessor :card_number, :card_verification
change	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121118070635_create_carts.rb	  def change
change	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121118071237_create_line_items.rb	  def change
change	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121117063953_create_products.rb	  def change
change	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121120073026_add_order_id_to_line_item.rb	  def change
change	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121120072935_create_orders.rb	  def change
change	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121121070124_create_order_transactions.rb	  def change
change	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061923_devise_create_admin_users.rb	  def change
create	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def create
credit_card	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	  def credit_card
current_cart	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_cart
destroy	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121118162011_add_attachment_photo_to_products.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061929_move_admin_notes_to_comments.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061928_create_admin_notes.rb	  def self.down
edit	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def index
migrate	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061923_devise_create_admin_users.rb	  def migrate(direction)
new	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def new
not_referenced_by_any_line_item	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/product.rb	  def not_referenced_by_any_line_item
price_in_cents	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	  def price_in_cents
purchase	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	   def purchase
purchase_options	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	   def purchase_options
response=	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order_transaction.rb	  def response=(response)
show	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
total_price	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/cart.rb	  def total_price
total_price	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/line_item.rb	  def total_price
total_price	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	  def total_price
up	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121118162011_add_attachment_photo_to_products.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061929_move_admin_notes_to_comments.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/db/migrate/20121122061928_create_admin_notes.rb	  def self.up
update	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/orders_controller.rb	  def update
validate_card	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/models/order.rb	   def validate_card
who_bought	/Users/emilien/Documents/projets/provence/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def who_bought
